Co-Op - Medical Device Engineer - Women's Health
LocationPlymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania, United States of America  Full time Intern/Co-op (Fixed Term)
 Save 
Job Description

The Position

Organon is recruiting for the position of Co-Op – Medical Device Engineer to join our world-class technical operations team. This team is responsible for managing the product lifecycle of Organon’s medical devices and combination products, a range of products that address the health needs of women around the globe and are critical to the success of Organon.

Responsibilities

The Co-Op will work closely with the Technical Operations Engineers to execute device test methods for design verification starting from method development working through the final test reports. They will have the opportunity to work in SolidWorks building device drawings to aid technical projects. They should also be familiar with tensile and compression test equipment. The role demands that the successful applicant is self-motivating, optimistic, resilient and displays a high degree of technical acumen.

Required Experience and Skills

Enrolled in Bachelor's or Master's degree in an engineering/scientific discipline.

Highly organized, problem-solving and methodical in completing technical assignments.

Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Excellent interpersonal skills.

Comfortable challenging the status quo in a professional manner across the organization to the benefit of the project and patient outcome.

Proficient on basic computer programs: Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint

Preferred: experience in CAD models and drawings using SolidWorks or a similar software package. Experience in Instron Tensile/Compression machine.

OFTP

Who We Are:

Organon delivers ingenious health solutions that enable people to live their best lives. We are a $6.5 billion global healthcare company focused on making a world of difference for women, their families and the communities they care for. We have an important portfolio and are growing it by investing in the unmet needs of Women’s Health, expanding access to leading biosimilars and touching lives with a diverse and trusted portfolio of health solutions.  Our Vision is clear: A better and healthier every day for every woman.

US and PR Residents Only

For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

OFCCP Pay Transparency Rule

Organon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion, innovation, and belonging for all employees and job applicants. We ensure all employment practices are conducted without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully 
Organon LLC., does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company.  No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails. 

Applicable to United States Positions Only:  Under various U.S. state laws, Organon is required to provide a reasonable estimate of the salary range for this job.  Final salary determinations take a number of factors into account including, but not limited to, primary work location, relevant skills, education level, and/or prior work experience.  The applicable salary range for this position in the U.S. is stated below.  Benefits offered in the U.S. include a retirement savings plan, paid vacation and holiday time, paid caregiver/parental and medical leave, and health benefits including medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage in accordance with the terms and conditions of the applicable plans.

Annualized Salary Range (US)

$0.00 - $0.00
Please Note: Pay Ranges are Specific to local market and therefore vary from country to country

Employee Status:

Intern/Co-op (Fixed Term)
Relocation:

Domestic
VISA Sponsorship:

No
Travel Requirements: Organon employees must be able to satisfy all applicable travel and credentialing requirements, including associated vaccination prerequisites.

No Travel Required
Flexible Work Arrangements:

Not Specified
Shift:

Valid Driving License:

No
Hazardous Material(s):

Number of Openings:

1
Requisition ID:R540092
